Chapter 1  LOOMINGS 

Call me Ishmael. Some years ago - never mind how long precisely - having little or no money in my purse,
and nothing particular to interest me on shore, I thought I would sail about a little and see the watery 
part of the world. It is a way I have of driving off the spleen, and regulating the circulation. Whenever 
I find myself growing grim about the mouth; whenever it is a damp, drizzly November in my soul; whenever 
I find myself involuntarily pausing before coffin warehouses, and bringing up the rear of every funeral 
I meet; and especially whenever my hypos get such an upper hand of me, that it requires a strong moral 
principle to prevent me from deliberately stepping into the street, and methodically knocking people's hats off - 

........ 
 
Chapter 2  THE CARPET-BAG

I stuffed a shirt or two into my old carpet-bag, tucked it under my arm, and started for Cape Horn and the Pacific.
 Quitting the good city of old Manhatto, I duly arrived in New Bedford. It was on a Saturday night in December. 
 Much was I disappointed upon learning that the little packet for Nantucket had already sailed, and that no way 
 of reaching that place would offer, till the following Monday.As most young candidates for the pains and penalties of whaling


.......
Chapter 3  THE SPOUTER-INN


Entering that gable-ended Spouter-Inn, you found yourself in a wide, low, straggling entry with old- fashioned wainscots,
reminding one of the bulwarks of some condemned old craft. On one side hung a very large oil-painting so thoroughly 
besmoked, and every way defaced, that in the unequal cross-lights by which you viewed it, it was only by diligent study
and a series of systematic visits to it, and careful inquiry of the neighbors, that you could any way arrive at an 
understanding of its purpose. such unaccountable masses of shades and shadows, that at first you almost thought some 
ambitious young artist, in the time of the New England hags, had endeavored to delineate chaos bewitched. 

.................
